== Ciper_Tools
 Cipher tools is a work area for deciphering monoalphabetical substitution ciphers

== Tools built in
 * Replace all characters in a blob with a given character 
 * A regular expresion dictionary with uses ? for unknowns and @@ for duplicate bigram unknowns
 * Single step undo and redo
 * Save feature to write all changes back to the file


== Example of Workbench.py
 $ ./workbench.py message

 1: Replace | 2: Undo | 3: Redo | 4: Dictionary | 8: Save | 9: Quit
 
 
 
   IKVMY IMVtMBD UKK AeAKVB SKtT TYoJE XoKVKVA MUMYMVTTe KV M BeWKeB oI WMKEB MAMKVBt
   tTe GMZo WeMTtoWB BJWWoJVEKVA tTe TKtD oI GKEAMW. MYtToJAT tTe IKWBt GKBBKoV KB BJTTeBBIJY,
   MUMYMVTTe KB tWMNNeE Mt MVotTeW WeMTtoW EJWKVA M BJABeFJeVt WMKE. tTe WeMTtoW eHNYoEeB,
   YMJVTTKVA TYoJE IWoG tTe JNNeW YeUeYB oI GKEAMW KVto tTe BYJGB AeYoS. Te YMVEB oV M IYoSeW AeE,
   STeWe Te KB IoWGMYYD KVtWoEJTeE to MeWKB. NWoGNteE AD tTe MWWKUMY oI BTKVWM'B tJWZB oNeWMtKUeB
   BeVt to TMNtJWe MeWKB, TYoJE MAWeeB to Ae MeWKB' AoEDAJMWE MVE EeIeVEB TeW IWoG tTe tJWZB.
   MIteW tTe BTKVWM EKBToUeW tTe YoTMtKoV oI MUMYMVTTe'B TKEeoJt, tTeD EeBtWoD Kt AD EeGoYKBTKVA
   tTe eVtKWetD oI BeTtoW 7, ZKYYKVA KtB NoNJYMtKoV MVE tTWee GeGAeWB oI MUMYMVTTe. tTe tJWZB MYBo
   TMNtJWe MeWKB, STo KB WeUeMYeE to Ae tTe YMBt BJWUKUKVA TetWM, M WMTe TYoBeYD MttJVeE SKtT tTe
   NYMVet MVE NWeUKoJBYD tToJATt eHtKVTt. NWeBKEeVt BTKVWM AeYKeUeB MeWKB TMV YeME TKG to tTe
   NWoGKBeE YMVE, M GDtTKTMY YMVE oI IeWtKYKtD, STeWe Te eHNeTtB to IKVE GMZo eVeWAD.

== Example of using the Dictionary
 $ ./workbench.py message
 
  1: Replace | 2: Undo | 3: Redo | 4: Dictionary | 8: Save | 9: Quit
 
  Expression: fu@@y
 
   IKVMY IMVtMBD UKK AeAKVB SKth TYoJE XoKVKVA MUMYMVThe KV M BeWKeB oI WMKEB MAMKVBt
   the GMZo WeMTtoWB BJWWoJVEKVA the TKtD oI GKEAMW. MYthoJAh the IKWBt GKBBKoV KB BJTTeBBIJY,
   MUMYMVThe KB tWMNNeE Mt MVotheW WeMTtoW EJWKVA M BJABeFJeVt WMKE. the WeMTtoW eHNYoEeB,
   YMJVThKVA TYoJE IWoG the JNNeW YeUeYB oI GKEAMW KVto the BYJGB AeYoS. he YMVEB oV M IYoSeW AeE,
   SheWe he KB IoWGMYYD KVtWoEJTeE to MeWKB. NWoGNteE AD the MWWKUMY oI BhKVWM'B tJWZB oNeWMtKUeB
   BeVt to TMNtJWe MeWKB, TYoJE MAWeeB to Ae MeWKB' AoEDAJMWE MVE EeIeVEB heW IWoG the tJWZB.
   MIteW the BhKVWM EKBToUeW the YoTMtKoV oI MUMYMVThe'B hKEeoJt, theD EeBtWoD Kt AD EeGoYKBhKVA
   the eVtKWetD oI BeTtoW 7, ZKYYKVA KtB NoNJYMtKoV MVE thWee GeGAeWB oI MUMYMVThe. the tJWZB MYBo
   TMNtJWe MeWKB, Sho KB WeUeMYeE to Ae the YMBt BJWUKUKVA TetWM, M WMTe TYoBeYD MttJVeE SKth the
   NYMVet MVE NWeUKoJBYD thoJAht eHtKVTt. NWeBKEeVt BhKVWM AeYKeUeB MeWKB TMV YeME hKG to the
   NWoGKBeE YMVE, M GDthKTMY YMVE oI IeWtKYKtD, SheWe he eHNeTtB to IKVE GMZo eVeWAD.

== Results of above Dictionary search
  1: Replace | 2: Undo | 3: Redo | 4: Dictionary | 8: Save | 9: Quit
 
   fubby fuffy fuggy fully funny furry fussy fuzzy
 
   IKVMY IMVtMBD UKK AeAKVB SKth TYoJE XoKVKVA MUMYMVThe KV M BeWKeB oI WMKEB MAMKVBt
   the GMZo WeMTtoWB BJWWoJVEKVA the TKtD oI GKEAMW. MYthoJAh the IKWBt GKBBKoV KB BJTTeBBIJY,
   MUMYMVThe KB tWMNNeE Mt MVotheW WeMTtoW EJWKVA M BJABeFJeVt WMKE. the WeMTtoW eHNYoEeB,
   YMJVThKVA TYoJE IWoG the JNNeW YeUeYB oI GKEAMW KVto the BYJGB AeYoS. he YMVEB oV M IYoSeW AeE,
   SheWe he KB IoWGMYYD KVtWoEJTeE to MeWKB. NWoGNteE AD the MWWKUMY oI BhKVWM'B tJWZB oNeWMtKUeB
   BeVt to TMNtJWe MeWKB, TYoJE 
